gh-115119: Removed bundled copy of the libmpdec (#133964)
python/cpython: Doc/license.rst

   OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

> libmpdec

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should remove this, but IANAL.  We still have `libffi` above, even though our sources no longer contain a copy.

   OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

libmpdec
--------

The :mod:`!_decimal` C extension underlying the :mod:`decimal` module
is built using an included copy of the libmpdec

> library unless the build is configured ``--with-system-libmpdec``::

Reviewer: This header could use a rewording now, though.

Author: The libffi section includes similar obsoleted sentence.

libmpdec
--------

Previously, the :mod:`!_decimal` C extension underlying the :mod:`decimal` module

> was built using an included copy of the libmpdec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`!_decimal` C extension underlying the :mod:`decimal` module
is built using an included copy of the libmpdec
```

> library unless the build is configured ``--with-system-libmpdec``::

Reviewer: Wouldn't hurt to fix the libffi section as well.  Suggested wording here, though:

```suggestion
The :mod:`!_decimal` C extension underlying the :mod:`decimal` module
is linked to the libmpdec C library::
```

On the other hand, we could just leave this file alone for now and get someone more knowledgeable about such things to tell us what we should do in a separate issue :)

Author: Then lets keep this intact.
